uh went out a little bit slower than I
thought because I found myself in the
lead and I wasn't expecting to be up
there up there I wanted to get out in
the top 25 but I wasn't expected
expecting to be leading so I kind of
tried to let somebody else go take the
lead and I try to hang in there and just
try to stick with it and and hang with
the girls hang with that tough or
without lead pack this is going to be a
really good preview of the Big Ten um
the team I'm pretty sure we place pretty
well we might have lost one of the girls
I think one of them might have tripped
but we did really well today and I'm
excited to see what we can do a big
ten's I think we can place really well I
mean I thought we ran relatively well I
don't know the results yet but it looked
like we had some people up there Caitlyn
had a great meet Gabby had a good meet
Hannah had a good meat so but in terms
of the meat yeah spectacular field it
was I wish I could have watched it a
little more instead of coaching because
it was a great race we talked a lot
about the field being pretty stacked
with ranked teams but you guys are right
there with a top ten caliber performance
what does that say about the direction
you guys are headed into championship
season I think we're going the right
direction obviously this was a step up
for us step up in competition and I
think we met the goals that we wanted to
we'll see if we can get Ashley back up
there I think we're very competitive
school
how well did you run the race at the
team today do you feel oh pretty much
perfect I mean we got out we're working
on that this year because last year our
Nationals we struggle with that we got
out today looking around just kept going
nice and relaxed and all of a sudden
there's a huge gap Badgers have five
together kind of let the individuals go
but like you said the team we wrapped it
up real early and felt relaxed doing it
so I was really amazing hum there's just
so much home home crowd and a lot of the
alumni came back and you notice to hear
come on badgers and let's go badgers and
let's go wisconsin the entire course is
awesome so it's really good for me you
know it be to be with the group and I
have that support of the fans all along
the way so that's a pretty really really
good experience you know I think we got
a lot of confidence a lot of confidence
in the pack it's a really tight group um
so going into Big Ten's regionals
nationals you know I think we know we
have I've tight guys then get they get
you know the time stopped once y'all get
through and so I think we're looking to
do some pretty good things we're in a
real good spot right now once we start
turning the legs over the next three or
four weeks um they know they know that
what that performance is all about
they're gonna walk out of here we return
of confidence and that's you know as we
get into the big ten's and regionals and
nationals that's what it's about now
they know they've done the work it's
about just being confident and letting
all that work come out over the next few
weeks what's the min the reaction you've
got from other runners and guys are
seeing this this place for the first
time I think they're off they're jealous
zimmer did a great job providing this
facility for us and there's really no
other facilities in the nation that can
rival this as it's every cross country
runners dream we're very lucky to have
it have a feel like this come the
Madison today on the 14 of October which
still six weeks ago on the season is
just fantastic I mean you know 22 21 20
to the top 30 teams in the country they
came to run on the course of course
which stood the you know rain that we
had the last day or so but I mean this
is great the comments from coaches are
comments from athletes is just
unbelievable the course got rave reviews
and now let's go we have the regional
meet next year and hopefully we're going
to get the national championships here
real soon yeah we're really excited
about it i mean i have had chats here
with coaches from all over the country
and everybody's
attic about it I think it's going to be
a fixture on the landscape of cross
country i think it's going to be here to
stay